README.md, before:

# Anagram Generator

The aim of this project is to build a simple anagram generator as a learning oportunity. It should have a fairly good and easy to use GUI and implement some fairly advanced algoritms.

## Getting Started

The repository consists of the source files for a java project. There are no official releases as of right now, so you will have to compile it yourself.
No javadoc yet.

### Prerequisites

On this project openjdk-14 and javafx 11 have been used. (Probably will also work with older standards)


### Installing

Download or clone the repository and compile it with your favourite tool. I have used the intelij built in complier.


## Built With

* [openjdk-14](https://jdk.java.net/14/) - The java standard used
* [javafx](https://gluonhq.com/products/javafx/) - javafx libray for GUI
* [Factorial generator used](https://sudonull.com/post/72637-Fast-Factorial-Computation-PrimeSwing) - Used to calculate factorial of numbers to predict the number of anagrams

## Contributing

Olareanu Alexandru - main developer\
Prof. Florea Delilah - Mentor

Filea Razvan, Oancea David - some cool guys who help me out because I'm not that good

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Olareanu/AnagramGenerator/CONTRIBUTING.md) for aditional information.

## Authors

* **Olareanu Alexandru** - *Everything*

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/Olareanu/AnagramGenerator/CONTRIBUTING.md) who participated in this project.

## License

This project has no licence yet. This is on the long TODO list.

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to my lads Razvan Filea ([The Luck Coder] (https://github.com/TheLuckyCoder) ) and Oancea David. This project would not have been posible without them.
We are all part of the [Gear Maniacs Robotics Team] (https://gearmaniacs.ro/)

Commit message:

Updated gradle, README and CONSTRIBUTING
Some minor updates. Finally managed to create a custom jre image with jlink, modify the launch script (.bat), convert that to an .exe and package all of this into an inoo setup installer and an self extracting folder (with 7z)

README.md, after:

# Anagram Generator

The aim of this project is to build a simple anagram generator as a learning oportunity. It should have a fairly good 
and easy to use GUI and implement some fairly advanced algoritms.

## Getting Started

The repository consists of the source files for a java project using gradle. This was set up in intellij IDEA.
There is a 0.1 release available, but it's incomplete and may be buggy.
No javadoc yet.

### Prerequisites

On this project openjdk-14 and javafx 14 have been used.
The releases contain a custom jre image so no jre is required.

### Installing

Download or clone the repository and compile it with your favourite tool. I have used the intellij with gradle.
Alternatively, every release has a portable version and an installer.


## Built With

* [openjdk-14](https://jdk.java.net/14/) - The java standard used
* [javafx](https://gluonhq.com/products/javafx/) - javafx libray for GUI
* [Factorial generator used](https://sudonull.com/post/72637-Fast-Factorial-Computation-PrimeSwing) - Used to calculate factorial of numbers to predict the number of anagrams

## Contributing

Olareanu Alexandru - main developer\
Prof. Florea Delilah - Mentor

Filea Razvan, Oancea David - some cool guys who help me out because I'm not that good

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Olareanu/AnagramGenerator/CONTRIBUTING.md) for aditional information.

## Authors

* **Olareanu Alexandru** - *Everything*

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/Olareanu/AnagramGenerator/CONTRIBUTING.md) who participated in this project.

## License

This project has no licence yet. This is on the long TODO list.

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to my lads Razvan Filea [The Lucky Coder](https://github.com/TheLuckyCoder)  and Oancea David
who helped me out when I got stuck.\
We are all part of the [Gear Maniacs Robotics Team](https://gearmaniacs.ro/)
